Add deprecation notice to README (#760)
ipfs/community: README.md

---
⚠️ ⚠️ ⚠️  

> Much of this repo is not accurate to the current state of affairs in 202207.

Reviewer: Small nit
```suggestion
Much of this repo is not accurate to the current state of affairs in 2022 07.
```
